change "initiate" to "propose" (#508)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.8.0/docs/daml/patterns.rst

You can checkout the examples locally via ``daml new daml-patterns --template daml-patterns``.

:doc:`patterns/initaccept`

>     The Propose and Accept pattern demonstrates how to start a bilateral workflow. One party proposes by creating a proposal or an invite contract. This gives another party the chance to accept, reject or renegotiate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Propose and Accept pattern demonstrates how to start a bilateral workflow. One party creates a proposal or an invite contract. This gives another party the chance to accept, reject, or renegotiate.
```
